What is your greatest accomplishment or greatest opportunity?

Every one believes the Failure is the first step to the success.I don't believe in that because the world is revolves around the success.I have only one option that is Success.


What is an area that you are working on to improve?

In my last work, I talked with a part of clients on the phone, and got to be very great at it. However, some other individuals on my group were mindful for most of the emailing when it came to client benefit, so I’m a bit rusty in this zone. I think e-mail communication is truly crucial in client benefit, since one or two off-base words can lead to the message being translated erroneously. So I’ve been working on reviewing and brushing up on a few of the best strategies for making beyond any doubt clients are fulfilled with mail communications.

Briefly explain why you want to work as a Technology Support Assistant.

To enhance my skills It help me extend my skills and ability to improve my technical vision.The knowledge and experience that I acquire through this would set me as one of the most renowned people in the technology world.


What is your definition of customer service?

I can explain my own experience as customer.Customer as loss and make sure that you need to keep the customer happy. After my visa approval i have booked my flight ticket in Air India.Actually my flight arrival time Around 9pm. Almost 10 hours delay happened to me because of that air India services offered for me 100$ money and upgraded my seat. The company offered for me as compensation and also satisfied remaining customers as well as. This what i believe customer service.

I have always been happiest and most satisfied when I interacted with community members , making sure that I was able to fulfill their needs and give them the best possible support in a difficult situation. That was my favorite part of the work, and it showed. Part of the reason I'm interested in the position is that I know that I'd have much more contact with the public, in an even greater level

Banana with a cup of plain yogurt mixed with nuts